
Warp ©2013, Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC, and The Regents of the
University of California through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
All rights reserved.

Produced at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
LLNL-CODE-544231
LBNL Ref 2013-023

Written by:
    D. P. Grote LLNL grote1@llnl.gov
    J. L. Vay LBNL jlvay@lbl.gov
    A. Friedman LLNL friedman1@llnl.gov

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Technology Transfer Department at TTD@lbl.gov
referring to "Warp (LBNL Ref 2013-023)".

NOTICE: This software was produced by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
under Contract No. DE-AC52-07NA27344 with the DOE, and The Regents of the
University of California under Contract No. DE-AC02-05CH11231 with the DOE.
For 5 years from February 7, 2013, the Government is granted for itself and
others acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable worldwide
license in this data to reproduce, prepare derivative works, and perform
publicly and display publicly, by or on behalf of the Government. There is
provision for the possible extension of the term of this license. Subsequent
to that period or any extension granted, the Government is granted for itself
and others acting on its behalf a nonexclusive, paid-up, irrevocable
worldwide license in this data to reproduce, prepare derivative works,
distribute copies to the public, perform publicly and display publicly, and
to permit others to do so. The specific term of the license can be identified
by inquiry made to Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, Lawrence Berkeley
National Laboratory, or DOE.  Neither the United States nor the United States
Department of Energy, nor Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC nor any
of their employees, makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any
legal liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or
usefulness of any data, apparatus, product, or process disclosed, or
represents that its use would not infringe privately owned rights.

Also, reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or
services by trade name, trademark, manufacturer or otherwise does not
necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring
by the United States Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC
or Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. The views and opinions of authors
expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the United
States Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC or Lawrence
Berkeley National Laboratory, and shall not be used for advertising or
product endorsement purposes.

This file is part of Warp. For details, see warp.lbl.gov. Please also read License.txt

